Add Operator Burn mode + tests (#250)
casper-ecosystem/cep-78-enhanced-nft: docs/modalities.md

This modality is an optional installation parameter and will default to the `Burnable` mode if not provided. However, this
mode cannot be changed once the contract has been installed. The mode is set by passing a `u8` value to the `burn_mode` runtime argument.

## OperatorBurnMode

> The `OperatorBurnMode` modality dictates whether tokens minted by a given instance of an NFT contract can be burnt by an operator (thus accounts, contracts or contracts from a package approved for all by an owner). This modality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OperatorBurnMode` modality dictates whether tokens minted by a given instance of an NFT contract can be burned by an operator (thus accounts, contracts or contracts from a package approved for all by an owner). This modality provides two options:
```

Author: well I count...ed 37 burnt doc and code together and 8 burned. Google says both are acceptable since 400 years https://www.grammarly.com/blog/burnt-burned/ but apprently it is still debat...ed.

> provides two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
